hello again everyone I'm O'Neal Williams
of oniel outside television and I'm here
to tell you about CBA's Buckhorn rifle
now the Buckhorn is what would be called
a conventional inline muzzle loader and
that's because it is functionally of the
same design as the very first modern
inline guns which were introduced back
in the mid 1990s now these were guns
that changed muzzleloading forever
providing an easier to use alternative
to the traditionally styled guns the
Buckhorn action is really quite simple
it uses a spring and bolt type design
when the boat is pulled back it's then
locked in position over the loaded
spring when the safety is released and
the trigger pulled the boat slams
forward strikes the primer and the gun
then fires while this system is
certainly not new it's still very
applicable for today's muzzleloader hunt
for several reasons really because the
guns design is so simple it is
relatively inexpensive to Bruce and this
makes the Buckhorn the most affordable
of all of CBA's rifles retailing for
about one hundred and fifty dollars
because this action is an open breech
design meaning that the charge is open
to the elements rather than being
enclosed as in a break action it is
legal in states that require an open
breech such as Washington Oregon and
Idaho because the Buckhorn's ignition
system can be easily converted to use
either 209 shotgun primers musket caps
or number 11 percussion caps it can also
meet the ignition requirements of any
state in the country